Proof reading II (#733)
ansible/ansible-documentation: docs/docsite/rst/playbook_guide/playbooks_advanced_syntax.rst

        ansible.builtin.debug:
            msg: My app is called "{{ webapp.custom_name | join('-') }}".

> You've anchored the value of ``version`` with the ``&my_version`` anchor and re-used it with the ``*my_version`` alias. Anchors and aliases let you access nested values inside dictionaries.

Reviewer: `reuse` doesn't need to be hyphenated.

```suggestion
You've anchored the value of ``version`` with the ``&my_version`` anchor and reused it with the ``*my_version`` alias. Anchors and aliases let you access nested values inside dictionaries.
```
